welcome back to our channel so today I
am doing a unboxing slash Harry B review
so I got the black Bob the Indian black
Bob so this is how the package looks the
package is just so beautiful like the
box looks pretty sturdy and you know
pretty professional so I really really
really love how the packaging came I
ordered this two weeks ago so I'm just
gonna explain a little bit about it and
I'm gonna start boxing it by the way I
haven't even like looked inside of it
yes so this is kind of gonna be like our
impression you know me and yourself so I
ordered it two weeks ago so it takes two
weeks to process
I guess because they have to adjust
everything the way how you like it so on
their website they give you the option
if you want an extra elastic band and
that is free so why not just say yes
they attach it for you and everything
they hear is already pre bleach and pre
plucked so if you're a beginner like me
this is my first plate so I'm I I'm
pretty sure I know how to I wouldn't
know how to but you know if you don't
want to mess it up especially like good
quality here you don't want to take the
chance this hair is beginner friendly so
all you have to do is just cut the lace
and smack it on so yeah so it took two
weeks of process and what I would
definitely recommend people doing
because I know some people say that the
shipping takes very long before you buy
the hair and you have it in your
shopping cart you can have the option to
message send an instruction to the
sellers so for example if you want your
hair to be here by two weeks then you
would message
say like so and so and so which I kind
of find ridiculous that you have to do
that but that's what I did I told him
that I really needed the hair and they
sent it to me so I did message them on
their online chat thing and she or he or
she noted it down for me so I'm really
thankful and glad that they did that for
me so anyways and then you get to wake
up so two pieces comes in here and then
you have twenty dollars that will be
transferred to you if you have a PayPal
account I think you know their little
cute message I guess okay
so I've seen so much good reviews on
this hair so I'm so excited to actually
see
so then here comes in here's it's good
oh my gosh so good so as you guys gonna
see the hair is bleached this is how it
looks it smells really good like it's
most sober okay so as you can see they
have the elastic strap at the back and
then they have some clips so it can stay
secure I'm not gonna put no goo I've
seen like so many people have so much my
things in sample so I'm gonna stay with
the mix kind of want to keep my edges
you know so okay so I'm going to braid
my ear back and then alright guys so
putting on this wig was very very easy
it's pretty simple you just put it with
the shop facing towards your head and
bam it's on your head you guys and see
the lace looks so natural
it fits my skin color very perfectly if
for example you're a more darker
complexion and it doesn't fit your hair
you can definitely dye the lace but I'm
really glad that they did bleach the
lace because most people they don't know
how to bleach lace and it's better they
bleach it and then you just dye it so
much easier so when cutting the lace you
want to make sure that you take your
time as you can see I really made sure
that I took my time even if you have to
cut it or more than once just make sure
to take your time don't rush it but yeah
this was my first time cutting the lace
so I just really had to make sure that I
took my time cuz if I mess it up I'd
probably really disappointed in myself
uh-hum so all I did was just straighten
the hair just to kind of lay it down a
little bit better not like you could
definitely wear it as is but I just
really kind of wanted to see how it
looked like more straightened and
everything because you know kind of
looks better that way
but you can definitely do what you like
cause you can see guys like you can't
even tell that I don't have this blue
down except the sides relax okay don't
don't laughs okay but yeah it's really
natural if the hair is super silky it
takes heat very very well guys like this
hair is super soft it's super silky it
is a bit shine not like to over extreme
shiny but it does have a very nice shine
to it the hair is just so good it smells
so good like I don't know what they use
in the hair like what shampoo or
whatever they use in the hair but it's
not good I will be doing a update on
this wig so make sure you guys stay
tuned for that just to answer your guys
questions so as I said make sure to
leave any questions that you guys have
so I can answer them for you guys
because I kind of missed out a couple
points and they just weren't coming to
me when I was filming this video so if
you guys have any questions concerning
this wig I'll be more than happy by the
way guys this is not a sponsored video I
purchased this with my own money so yeah
just throwing that out there that this
is not sponsored this is my 100% honest
opinions about this hair but yeah I
really have nothing back to say about
the hair but anyways just leave a
comment I will be more than happy to do
another video updated video for you guys
regarding your questions your concerns
and just giving a little bit more
updated detail about the hair because I
don't know anything goes that detailed
in the video so as you guys can see I'm
just showing you guys the different
parts that you guys can do with the hair
and I just you know combed it out laid
it flat as you can see guys can see that
is the length of the hair and I'm taking
my shea moisture mousse and I'm just
laying away any flyaways
you don't need a lot of mousse but yeah
and then I'm just like kind of fixing my
baby hairs to blend with the hair and
this is how the wig looks super natural
super luscious it's just so amazing it
has lots of body it's just super amazing
I really love the hair it's so easy to
maintain as big your nerve friendly it's
just so amazing guys I really definitely
would recommend anyone so purchase this
wig is not really experienced with wigs
so you really don't have to do anything
with this wig then just cut the lace and
slap it on like seriously and I have no
glue whatsoever on my hair you guys can
probably already tell what the sides
kind of sticking up but that's okay I
have no glue whatsoever but I kind of do
have a method to kind of lay it down a
little bit so you guys can see I'm just
kind of showing you guys here like how
it would look braided if you wanted to
Brady you can definitely do so you can
do anything that you want with this here
has 4.5 inch parting space so the hair
is really nice definitely as I keep
saying I would recommend this wig um
yeah so that's pretty much it guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this video make
sure to give it a thumbs up and if
you're not already guys subscribe to our
channel make sure to hit that
notification bell if you guys want to be
notified when we upload especially
because I will be doing a updated with
review on this hair so yeah I'm gonna
stop talking now so I'll see you guys in
the next one goodbye myelination